Up in MIlford today. G. is happy to see me our adventures.
Listening to Brett Weinstein this a.m. arging for a more sensible explanation for the origin... shooting down the market theory as unscientific and leaning more the possibility of it escaping from the Wuhan lab. He consistently offers criticism of un-scientific explanations the Heather launches into a "study" of light influencing sleep. Study was of indigenous tribe in Argentina some of whom had joined industrial culture, some not, some in between. The "finding" was that the light of the industrial culture was causing sleep deprivation. Brett and Heather launched into an evolutionary discussion verging on menstrual cycles, modern light extensions of the day, etc. I was surprised to note that this is precisely the type of study they would dismiss. It could very well be that cultural (with its various stressors and influences) might be the cause of the sleep reduction. This is an example of my concern for correlational studies and/or explanations of observed phenomena (especially social "facts"). I'm not sure how these relate to science, except that it might provide hypotheses for further study. I think much of what we produce in the social sciences are of the correlational type. While it may be true that things are related, causal relationships are more difficult to obtain, therfore conclusions made in the former need to be viewed with caution, especially if they are to be used to justify policy.

Moving on. We need to find a Milford contractor.