Got going on 1st focus session today. 
Tracking down the drug aspect of the 60's. #drugs/reality Looking at William James and his influence.
Also remembered my meeting with Will this week and the fact that I havenn't done my prep.
Wittgenstein via David Whyte (on Sam Harris)

	>"It is impossible to enter any world that we don't have a language for"
	
	I'm not sure I agree. It certainly reflects the necessity of language, but it also dismisses the idea that we can discover reality (ties?) with other means (physical, non-verbal, etc.). Thinking of the experiences of Castenada, Gabor Mate and many others (including James) of discovering "what's just beyond the veil" with little or no reliance on language...in fact as opposed to language being the guide.
	
On NPR...76% of capitol DC traffic stops were of black people, while 48% of the DC population are black. This if fraught with problems which invite questions. First, how many of the 48% are adult, black and have licenses. Second, the same question for the white population. It may be that there are more black people overall who are driving in DC. It may also be that the black population of DC skews female and young. Also what is the race of the arresting officers?
	This is not to argue against racial profiling. It may very well be operating here. However, the nuances are important, especially when the truth may lie buried within them.
	I wonder how many more examples of this misguided statistical reports are true or designed to promote an agenda, sometimes hidden or meant to support a position for some kind of gain.
		The old book from 'grad school' "How to Lie with Statistics" or a newer version, "How to Lie with Statistics"https://www.amazon.com/How-Lie-Statistics-Darrell-Huff/dp/0393310728
		Need to follow up on this topic. #truthdetection #questioning 


		
