OK, late morning entry after much frustration. Have been trying to implement Obsidian features with no success. Couldn't get Google sync to work to back up my vault, looked at how to use Zotero (with some success in that I understand how to get started, but have not synced yet), somehow can't get into Jenks Discord forum, but can download some of his templates. Part of the problem is that I find proprietary issues when trying to use the Mac with Google products and even help files, which are for Windows or assume you are using Google and/or Chrome on a Windows machine. The directions don't match with the links or commands you see on the Mac....Frustrating. Also frustrating is the Apple keyboard..it is easy to not have the right finger position as the keys are too little or the keyboard is too compressed. I keep moving from the home keys. Maybe I'll put a raised dot on the f and j. But I still can't change the size of my hands.

So, I didn't have many, if any, aftereffects of my vaccine shot. Felt tired last night and had a slight headache, but that could have come from my rigorous day with the kids. Pretty much was actively engaged with one or both of them from 9-3 with a bike ride and hike interspersed with a Maisie baby sit and walk in between. Got Zotero set up and the beginnings of a structure. Need to think it through in terms of what kinds of info I can and want to download. Obviously Youtube and articles are possible. Can I also add files from my computer or Kindle notes? Somehow my current calendar got added. Did I get Google sync going? Lot of mystery here.

